Marketplace shipment & inventory management (#182)
spryker/spryker-docs: docs/marketplace/dev/feature-walkthroughs/202108.0/marketplace-shipment-feature-walkthrough.md

---
title: Marketplace Shipment feature walkthrough 
last_updated: Aug 2, 2021
description: Merchants are product and service sellers in the Marketplace.
template: concept-topic-template
---

> With the Marketplace shipment feature, the [marketplace orders](/docs/marketplace/dev/feature-walkthroughs/{{ page.version }}/marketplace-order-management-feature-walkthrough.html) are split into several shipments based on the merchants from which the items were bought. Merchants can see their shipments only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the Marketplace shipment feature, the [marketplace orders](/docs/marketplace/dev/feature-walkthroughs/{{ page.version }}/marketplace-order-management-feature-walkthrough.html) are split into several shipments based on the merchants from which the items were bought. Merchants can only see shipments with products and offers that belong to them.
```
